---
permalink: /landings/system-integrations/amazon-polly/goto-training
author: Edward Saunders
title: "Amazon Polly and GoTo Training Integration"
topic: System Integration
leadhead: "Amazon Polly and GoTo Training's integration via API or SDK has proved to be a game-changer in the e-learning industry"
leadtext: "Developers and end-users benefit from this integration because learners now have a better experience, e-learning developers can save time, and companies can reach more people. As we move forward, we can expect more and more integration options that will undoubtedly revolutionize the e-learning industry further. We hope that this post has helped you understand the power and utility of the Amazon Polly and GoTo Training integration. Thanks for reading!"
image: /assets/images/articles/people-sitting-near-table.webp
---
<div class="arttext">	<h1>Amazon Polly and GoTo Training Integration</h1>
	<p>If you're involved in the e-learning industry, you'll know of Amazon Polly and GoTo Training. Amazon Polly is a text-to-speech service created by Amazon Web Services (AWS) and GoTo Training is a web-based training tool created by LogMeIn. Both are incredibly helpful standalone tools, but when you integrate them, it takes e-learning to a whole new level, and that's precisely what we're going to discuss today!</p>

	<h2>API or SDK Integration</h2>
	<p>The process for integrating Amazon Polly and GoTo Training begins with utilizing the API or SDK option. AWS provides an API for Amazon Polly and LogMeIn provides an SDK for GoTo Training. By utilizing these integration points, developers have access to the audio data generated by Amazon Polly and have the ability to upload that data to GoTo Training. This integration also provides authentication and billing support, making it easier to keep everything on track.</p>

	<h2>Problems Solved</h2>
	<p>Integrating Amazon Polly and GoTo Training solves several problems in the e-learning industry. Firstly, it gives students/learners a better experience by providing them with an audio narration instead of just text on a screen. Audio narration has been scientifically proven to help retention rates, and so this integration helps in that regard. Secondly, after integration, e-learning developers can convert the content to audio in just a few clicks, saving them tons of time. Lastly, companies can use Amazon Polly to create documentation in other languages, which can then be turned into audio in the learner's native language. This enables companies to expand their reach globally and make their courses accessible to more people.</p>

	<h2>Conclusion</h2>
	<p>Amazon Polly and GoTo Training's integration via API or SDK has proved to be a game-changer in the e-learning industry. Developers and end-users benefit from this integration because learners now have a better experience, e-learning developers can save time, and companies can reach more people. As we move forward, we can expect more and more integration options that will undoubtedly revolutionize the e-learning industry further. We hope that this post has helped you understand the power and utility of the Amazon Polly and GoTo Training integration. Thanks for reading!</p>

</div>